You smell like a yeast infection.
You're as useless as a barber working at the make a wish foundation.
Your shirt is green but nothing else matches.
1,2, buckle my shoe, 3,4, your mom's a whore.
Here's to a man who never unduly felt the pang of "imposter syndrome".
All your friends are fake.
Amy Schumer is a better comedian than you.
An aqueduct is a very large structure used to transport a large amount of fluid from one place to another.
And what are you supposed to be? A disappointment?
Anyone can hide ugliness, but you can't hide stupidity like yours.
Anyone willing to fuck you is just too lazy to masturbate.
Are you a clitoris? Because you are goddamn sensitive.
Are you a lays bag? Because your 40% air.
Are you the monster from bird box?
Behold, the field in which I grow my fucks. Lay thine eyes up on it, for it is barren.
Believe in yourself all you want.
Bitch please, your vagina has more users than Facebook.
BITCH YOU ARE A SLAPPER.
Bitch, your ears are so fucking big that a swift wind will dumbo your ass all the way to florida.
Body pillow sweat smelling weeb.
Can you stop talking like an uneducated Instagram human defect and start speaking like a normal person.
Cream pied asshole piece of shit.
Cremation is your only chance of having a smoking hot body.
Ctrl + Z yourself.
Cum guzzling thunder slut.
Cum soaked urinal cake.
Dad called me stupid for not doing HW.
Damn you're uglier than me.
De-count-da-money fuck face.
Dick cannibal.
Did a thousand deaths, you infected goat rectum!
Did it hurt? When you fell from someone's butt into the toilet water, you piece of shit.
Did Walmart have a sale on chromosomes when you were born?
Did you eat a whole bowl of Dumb for breakfast and go back for seconds?
Did you fall from heaven?
Did you know scientists have finally found a way to achieve a temperature of absolute zero in a controlled setting?
Did you take classes on how to be a moron or are you just naturally gifted?
Do the world a favour and climb back into your mum you degenerate inbred cretin.
Does your ass jealous with the amount of shits that comes from your mouth?
Does your asshole get jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth?
Don't break your neck sucking your own cock.
Don't play hard to get when you are hard to want.
Douche things to refer to people as.
DoucheBo Baggins.
Duct tape can't fix stupid, but it sure can muffle the sound.
Eat a bowl of fuck.
Eat my fuck, bitch.
Elephants remember everything that’s why your mom never forgets.
English, you stupid bitch. I don't speak hoppity boppity.
Even Females in your family have a bigger penis than yours.
Even if you dont want to have kids, you regret not being able to regret having kids.
Even Leni Loud could do better in an IQ test than you!
Ever since your birth, the rate of suicides increased exponentially.
Ever wonder how life would have been if you had received enough oxygen at birth?
Every yo mama joke had been done thousands of different times by thousands of different people.
Everyone has the right to be ugly.
Everyone on this sub can go fuck themselves.
Everyone who loves you is wrong.
Everyone's heritage is shaped like a tree while yours is a pole.
Everytime you open up your mouth my cock gets homesick.
For my Halloween costume this year I am going to wear two bags over my head and go as the only person willing to fuck you.
Frankly, I don't have the time or the crayons to explain it to you.
Fuck you you fucking yellow stupid b carotene lookin staple food cunt face plant.
Get a colonoscopy for that attitude.
Get back to eating your uncrustables kiddo.
Giidy Goose.
Go apologize to your mother for not being a stillborn.
Go deepthroat a tailpipe with the engine on.
Go die in a hole filled with my shit.
Go eat you're mama's ass milk.
Go fall down some stairs, you uncoordinated schmuck.
Go find your place in a dumpster.
Go fuck a tornado.
Go fuck off with your elongated urethra that you call a penis!
Go hop in a microwave you uncooked grit bag.
Go jack off with sand paper you ass spelunker.
Go put a condom on your head. If you're going to act like a dick, you might as well dress like one too.
Go radiate your liver.
Go snort a radish.
Go stand on a reef you duck toaster -my 8 year old brother.
Go swap your balls/ovaries with your tonsils and go hang yourself.
Go up to a plant and apologise for wasting the oxygen it provides!
God wasted a perfectly good asshole when he jamed teeth in your mouth.
Going to go fuck your mom, but line was too long.
Got her head so far up her ass she eats breakfast twice.
Great job! For Christmas I'll get you half a chair so you can sit on it with your half ass.
Have you always been this stupid or do you practice in your free time?
Having more chromosomes is a bad thing?
Here's a potted plant to replace the air you wasted.
Hey bitch if I had a choice between sex with you and $5 I'd take the $5 and buy you 5 times.
Hey fuckwit if I wanted to listen to a rambling cokeheaded steaming pile of trash talk about bullshit that doesn't matter I would ask your wrinkled foreskin of a granddad about his opinions.
Hey how about you go fuck yourself with a broken beer bottle you sly sack of human shit.
Hey man, you remind me of an injection.
Hey that’s funny it’s what your mum said when you were born.
Hey train wreck, this isn't your station.
Hey, are you sausage?
Hey, at least I'm not going to be working at McDonalds for a living when I'm 40.
Hi mom why did you make me a son of a bitch.
How about you go home, draw a nice warm bath, pour a drink and GO FUCK YOURSELF!
How about you stick some candle in your ass and go pretend you are the street lamp.
How about you stick some flowers in your ass and go pretend to be vase?
How do I know that's a shitty idea? Because you just pulled it out of your ass!
How long do you have to live?
Huh? Oh sorry I wasn’t listening. I was trying to figure out how many drugs your mom was on when she was pregnant with you.
Humans are deuterostomes.
I am blessed to not know you because god damn you are a massive prick.
I appreciate that you're trying to be funny.
I asked siri for the cheapest whore in town.
I ate your mom out last night, but it was salty. Probably because that's where you came out.
I bet it takes you an hour and a half to watch an episode of 60 Minutes.
I bet you drink milk with a fork.
I bet you had to fight your way out of your mother's cunt because the doctors kept trying to shove you back in.
I bet you like your steak well done.
I bet you sit when you pee.
I bet you're the kind of person who gets drunk by yourself because it lets you forget how alone you really are.
I bet your brain cells feel as good as new, seeing you’ve never use them.
I bet your parents are pro-choice now.
I bite my thumb at you sir!
I can count all your likeable characteristics on my fingers.
I can count your IQ on my hand.
I can feel my tumor in my fucking brain getting bigger whenever you speak.
I can hold my breath longer than you can maintain an erection.
I can smell the incest in your family from here.
I can't remember your name but please don't help me.
I cant tell the difference between your IQ and your age.
I could count your neurons in an American civil war veteran’s hand.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a comeback better than that.
I could have married my middle school sweetheart and had three kids in Section 8 by 21 and still not be as committed to obviously terrible ideas as you are.
I couldn't find anything that could fit your self esteem except the gaping hole you call "intelligence".
I do not much care for you good sir.
I don't know how you did it, but you did. You killed fake plants.
I don't normally suck dick but I'll make an exception for your sister's.
I don't shut up. I grow up. And every time I look at you, I throw up.
I don’t know how much gas your Walmart scooter can hold but I hope one day it runs out so you could get down and run on all fours like the animal you are.
I don’t like breeding the same air as you, you lowlife scum!
I envy people that don't know you.
I envy the people who have never met you.
I feel sorry for the trees out there.
I fingered your sister.
I found this and I feel like this belongs here.
I fucking hope you never find matching socks.
I get terrified when I see you, because my biggest fear has always been of failure.
I guarantee your suicide note will be riddled with spelling errors.
I had a wet dream about you last night.
I had sex with your mother for a doughnut.
I hate to admit it, but you're most likely the world's first immortal. After all, neither God nor the Devil will accept you.
I hate why they hate you.
I hate you so much that if I had a gun with 2 bullets in a room with you and hitler, I'd shoot you twice.
I have ancestors but you have incestors.
I have Asperger's so I know I'm a bit of an idiot. But you? Holy shit. I'm amazed you made it past first grade!
I have nothing but the utleast respect for you.
I heard this from some guy at a restaurant the other day.
I heard this on a malicious compliance story, I hope your day is as pleasent as you have been.
I honestly think it would have been better if your mom had just done anal.
I hope Jerry Seinfeld comes into your room at night both naked and covered in avocado oil and slithers betwixt your legs and just makes loud inhaling noises.
I hope the Devil uses your backbone as a stepladder to pick apples in the gardens of Hell.
I hope the fucking bed bugs bite you while your fucking sleeping you cunt.
I hope tomorrow is the worst day of your life, and you still have the day you die to look forward to.
I hope you don't have children, not because you're stupid, but because they would hate you.
I hope you drown in a puddle, you cataclysmic failure of a human being.
I hope you find earbuds with only one side working.
I hope you get a Qtip stuck in your pee hole.
I hope you get crushed by a road roller.
I hope you get impotent on your wedding night.
I hope you like song parodies because I’m going to Uptown Fuck You Up.
I hope you lose one airpod.
I hope you outlive your children.
I hope you put a sock on with holes in it.
I hope You salt your food with your tears.
I hope you step in water with new socks.
I hope you step on a four sided die.
I hope you step on a LEGO.
I hope you stub your toe and you never have a dry ass crack.
I hope you're an organ donor.
I hope you're reincarnated as a cow.
I hope your dreams don’t come true.
I hope your driven to Suicide by the ghosts of you past mistakes, you misplaced cumstain.
I hope your family finds you dead of a heartattack on Christmas morning.
I hope your name gets branded to toilet paper so I can wipe your family's legacy on my hairy ass.
I hope your next shit is shaped like a cone.
I hope your porn gets caught in an endless buffer loop.
I hope your shirt sleeves roll down and bunch up on your arm when you put a jacket on.
I hope your sleeves roll down when you’re eating messy food.
I hope your socks are perpetually damp.
I just fucked your mum. AMA!
I just had the most mosh pit argument on my other account.
I just realised.
I kept calling a red neck with a mullet Left Turn.
I know a joke which is so good that your hair will fall off.
I know some people drop their babies, but you were thrown at a fucking wall.
I know u r but what am I.
I know you are but what am I.
I like communism more than I like you.
I like to call lazy people ‘button’ because they need to be pushed in order to actually do anything.
I might be bad at making jokes, but unlike your mom, I don't need to look them up and pick one out.
I might have a bottle in front of me.
I miss you like US drone strikes miss innocent civilians.
I need help with a comeback.
I need to learn what school you went to, because you clearly learned how to be stupid from someone else.
I need you like I need water in my lungs.
I offended you? Huh your mere existence offends me.
I once smelled a dog fart that had more cunning, personality, and charm than you.
I pray that we may become better strangers.
I prefer a vacuum cleaner over you, at least it sucks and blows.
I put a penny on your head.
I really hope that gets through your spinal fluid filled skull, you anomaly.
I said my mum can't make jokes, here's her reply.
I saw this in a sitcom once and its one of my favorites:.
I shall pray for your arms to shrink and for your ass to itch.
I should thank you. If it wasnt for cavemen like you, there would still be huge wild animals all around us as we hide in trees and caves.
I shouldn't expect so much from someone who had to repeat first grade 3 times.
I think i'd rather snort powdered cum than listen to your bullshit.
I think it would've been better for everyone if you were jizzed into some toilet paper.
I think you'll be the tallest person in your family.
I thought about pissing on your grave but then I figured why not replace your tombstone with a public toilet stall so you can be as full of shit in death as you were in life.
I thought I said go fuck yourself but I guess your destined to stay a virgin forever.
I tried seeing things from your point of view but I couldn't get my head that far up my ass.
I truly hope you meet your opposite, a good lookin, smart, kind, patient and good natured person.
I want to say this to someone but obviously I cant:.
I was about to reach down your throat and grab your ass and pull you inside out but I see youve already had that done.
I was born in a hospital, not a meth lab you incest abomination.
I was going to call you ugly.
I was on the wrong end of this one, but it's mine now.
I was once asked if I would rather eat a bar of shit flavoured chocolate or a bowl of chocolate flavoured shit. I think I'd eat both right now if it would make you go away.
I wasnt born with enough middle fingers to express how I feel about you.
I wear heels bigger than your dick.
I will not be intimidated by a man with the depth and complexity of a shot glass filled with tepid water.
I will shove my fist so far up your ass I’ll be able to help you floss, dumbass.
I will shove your watch so far down your throat, you will always know the time.
I will staple dead birds to your fucking house.
I wipe my ass with toilet paper that's worth more than your entire education.
I wish you came with a receipt so I could exchange your presence.
I would call you a cunt, but you have neither the warmth nor the depth.
I would call you a dick, but you’re too fake for that. You’re just a dildo.
I would call you cancer, but people actually pay attention to cancer.
I would date you if you weren't a terrible human being.
I would give you to my child as a pet.
I would kick you in the cunt.
I would kick your corpse.
I would rather be friends with Ajit Pai.
I would rather give myself a root canal with a dirty Slurpee straw than spend another minute talking to your sorry arse.
I would rather walk a thousand miles with a wet sock on my right foot, a pebble in my left shoe and my underwear crept up just beyond the stage it's acceptable, than to spend one more second listening to that death rattle voice of yours.
I would rather walk barefoot through a room full of fresh dog shit and legos than have to hear another word be uttered out of your mouth.
I would say you were a disappointment to your parents, but they're probably pieces of shit too.
I would've kicked you in the face.
I wouldn't be surprised if a master surgeon mistook you for a boil.
I wouldn't trust you with a $0.05 loan.
I wouldnt stick my dick in you if you were the last pig on earth.
I'd call you "shit", but bad-mouthing feces doesn't sit well with me.
I'd call you a cocksucker, but you would take that as a compliment.
I'd call you a cunt but.
I'd call you a cunt, but.
I'd call you a cunt.
I'd call you a horrible person, but that would be assuming that you have some humanity in you, and that's too good for you. You are the worst, absolute, bottom of the barrel garbage, and your very existence makes the planet a worse place to be.
I'd call you a whore.
I'd give you a nasty look but you've already got one.
I'd like see things from your point of view but I don't think I can fit my head up your arse hole too.
I'd offer you some of my brain cells, but it doesn't look like you have much space.
I'd rather eat horse shit then ever speak to you again.
I'd say it to your face, but I don't want to breathe the same air long enough for you to understand.
I'd sling one up you just so I could push you down the stairs in a month.
I'd smack you intelligent. But I don't want to hurt my hand.
I'd tell you to go fuck yourself, but even THAT'S not possible.
I'LL FIST YOUR ASSHOLE SO HARD, THAT YOUR PROSTATE WILL BE WHERE YOUR KIDNEYS ARE!
I'll kick your twat so far up your throat, you'll get pregnant giving blowjobs.
I'll shut you down so hard, you won't be able to reboot properly!
I'll try to see things from your point of view,.
I'm gonna fuck you like your uncle.
I'm nervous about having kids because of the chance of getting an asshole like you.
I'm new here. Is subreddit allowed to start a comment fight?
I'm not a firm believer in feng shui, but if there's one thing I know, its that any direction is bad when its facing you.
I'm not absolutely convinced that you're an idiot, but nobody's pressing me for documents.
I'm not childish;.
I'm not laughing because I think you're funny, I'm laughing because you think you're funny.
I'm not saying she's dumb but,.
I'm not saying that I hate you,.
I'm not saying that you're a slut, but you're spit would be accepted at a sperm bank.
I'm not saying we should kill all the stupid people.
I'm not saying you're a whore.
I'm not sitting on your flea ridden, rat covered carpet.
I'm so long I'll fuck your ass while you're giving me a blowjob.
I'm sorry, I cant understand a word you just said. I dont speak cunt.
I'm surprised you've never been fucked before.
I'm trying to see things from your point of view.
I've got 1 problem and that's a cold. Not because youre not a problem, but because I'm sick of you crushing the other 999 of the ones I have with your McDonalds addiction.
I've lost more knowledge than you'll even have.
I've met some pricks in my time but you're the fucking cactus!
Id never do it but you're the kind of person that motivates random strangers to drop a little poison in your food.
Id offer you a shit sandwich but I know you're trying to quit eating those.
Id say youre trash, but atleast someone can find beauty in trash.
If brain cells had value, you'd be broke.
If cleanliness is next to godliness, then you and your family are militant atheists.
If dicks are planes, your butthole is an airport.
If everyone were paid for being beautiful, you'd have to pay taxes.
If hatred is blinding, I need to wear some prescription sunglasses around you.
If I gave you the respect you're due I'd be arrested.
If I give you a straw, will you go suck the fun out of someone else's day?
If I had a dog that looked like you I would shave it's asshole and make it walk backwards.
If I had a missus like yours,I'd shave her arse and teach her to walk backwards!
If I had an hour to live.
If I had one dollar for every brain you dont have, id have onr dollar.
If I had to use a number to describe how much I dislike you it would be the square root of a Googolplex.
If I killed you, I wouldn’t be charged with murder, I would get a ticket for littering, you human garbage.
If I need any more shit out of you, I'll squeeze your ears together.
If I posted your head on instagram I feel like it would go viral.
If I wanted to commit suicide, I'd climb your ego and jump to your popularity.
If I wanted to die I'd climb up your ego and jump down to your IQ.
If I wanted to die, I would climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
If I wanted to kill myself I would climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb up your ego and jump down to your IQ level.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would jump from your weight down to your IQ.
If I was somehow financially compensated a seemingly small amount of money for every time you uttered something nonsensical, that alone would more than cover my cost of living.
If I was you I'd throw myself in the trash and apologize for getting the trash can dirty.
If I were you, I wish I were someone else.
If intellect had mass, you'd have to be tied down so you don't float away.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
If life was a movie, you'd be the sound engineer who fucks up the audio and ruins it for everyone.
If men are pigs then that makes you a pig fucker.
If my ass had teeth, your tongue would have puncture marks.
If my computer's drivers were female.
If my horse was as ugly as you I'd shave his ass and ride him backwards,.
If opposites attract, I hope you find an attractive, interesting, intelligent and funny partner.
If they paid you what youre worth you would owe them money.
If they put your brain in a parrot it'd fly backwards.
If they start selling stupidity by the barrel, I'm drilling a well in your head first!
If they took the autism out of him, he would be physically lighter.
If this is the person you are you won't meet your grandchildren.
If unwanted children are called accidents, what a fuck are you then.
If we set the bar any lower for you we’re going to need a shovel.
If we were in a zombie apocalypse, no zombie would eat you.
If you are what you eat, you better respect me.
If you ate bacon youd be a cannibal.
If you bathed in shit, you'd smell better.
If you climbed up your ego and jumped down to your IQ you would die of old age during the fall.
If you dont hate yourself, get to know yourself better.
If you ever get set on fire, I'm grabbing marshmallows.
If you ever see your mom cry in the videos of the day you were born; it’s not joy, it’s disappointment.
If you raised any more red flags you'd already be dead of impalation by a bull.
If you think that too much eating will increase your IQ, well, it will not.
If you want to be a ignorant to your mental disease, then do it in the corner next to your obvious behavioral and egotistical issues.
If you were my child I would have grabbed a coat hanger without hesitation.
If you were my slave Id fire you.
If you were Satan's left nutsack, you would have been cut off long ago.
If you were twice as smart you'd still be stupid.
If your humongous pores weren’t so clogged your puny brain would ooze right out of them.
Im going to flush you like the shit you are.
Im not saying your head is up your ass, but I bet you can taste your prostate.
In a world of 31 flavors, you're the cup they rinse the spoons in.
Inbred virgin whore.
Intolerable thunder-cunt.
Is that your face, or did your neck throw up?
Is your body at 4°C or are you really just that dense?
Is your face always that messed up or is it only the weekends.
Is your family tree a cactus?
Is your family tree a wreath?
It looks like a mortician did your makeup.
It looks like your face caught on fire and you tried to put it out with a hammer.
It looks to me like the best part of you ran down the crack of your mama's ass and ended up as a shit stain on her matress.
It must be hard living with autism.
It seems I am out of bus money. Guess I'll be riding your mom home.
It takes 9 months for your mom to shit.
It takes zero effort to stop being a little bitch, and you're so lazy you won't even do that.
It was a joke not a dick, don’t take it so hard!
It was a sad day when you slithered out of the abortion bucket.
It's a good thing you aren't a manure salesman.
It's not that no one cares about you, it's that the ones who do don't matter.
It’s a joke not a dick, so stop taking it so hard.
I’d call you an cunt, but you lack both the warmth & depth.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t get my head that far up my ass.
I’d rather shit in my hands and clap than hear you speak.
I’ll plant a mango tree in your mother’s cunt and fuck your sister in its shade.
I’ll skullfuck you so hard your butt-cheeks will be giving me a round of applause.
I’m genuinely disappointed, sorry for, and angry at your parents, and I don’t even know them.
I’m going to tie your asshole hairs together so tight your shit comes out like ground beef.
I’m jealous of the people who haven’t met you.
I’m not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
I’m staying alive as long as I can do so can watch you all die.
I’ve cleaned toilets that had more sex appeal than you.
James Charles sub drop is so straight he gonna try and date it.
Judging by your appearance, it seems God took inspiration from Deviantart.
Just because I have an asshole doesn’t mean I am one.
Just called someone "Cuck Norris".
Just calling someone a “Porn Mattress”.
Keep rolling your eyes you might find a brain up there.
Keep the dick in your pants and not your personality.
Killing yourself will only be a burden to the soil you’re lowered into. At least your family gets to kick dirt onto the coffin while it’s being lowered, that’ll make up for the price of the casket.
Laci Green is salty because her feet smell like piss.
Ladies and gentlemen, the infinite tact of Isaac Washington. You do. Truly you do, use your tongue better than a. A $30 hooker. Can I say from the bottom of my heart. You truly are a shining example to us all. Humanity I mean.
Let me know when you're done crying like a baby so I can get your bottle.
Libertarian.
Like bacteria, you are proof that smarts isnt the only thing evolution selects for.
Listen up you wet spot on a public bench.
Listening to you makes having a buffalo taking a shit on your ear better.
Look up a picture of a landfill, show it to someone, and say "Hey I didn't know you were in the modeling business.".
Luckily I have ancestors, not incestors compared to you.
Make like a tree and die in a forest fire.
Make sure to pull the dick out of your mouth before you eat.
Make yourself useful and SUCK A DICK.
Makeshift Crosspost from r/Unexpected.
Mama's boy.
Marshmallow’s songs are almost as pointless as your existence.
May you forever be stuck in a loveless marriage with 6 ungrateful kids and no money to runaway.
May your butthole grow taste buds.
May your socks always be half off.
Maybe your dick wouldn't be so small if two thirds of it weren't your personality.
Meat flinger.
Meeting you is the best form of birth control.
Melania Trump wants a WH tennis court, because it's been a very long time since she has played with a big racket and soft fuzzy balls.
Monkeys fired you for throwing shit the wrong way.
More acceptable substitutes for "hate speech".
Most parents are against their children running away from home.
Most people anyway are not that real.
Most people have more IQ points than chromosomes, you’re the exception.
Next time a Crap Comedian comes into Reddit:.
Nice to meet you. When did you get out of jail?
No one will ever love you out of anything more than pity.
Nomatter how innocent you are everyone hates you so much that they would find you guilty.
Not even a holy water enema can save your ass from going to hell.
Not everything is about your ass you attention whore.
Obesity runs in your family because nobody in your family runs.
Of all the cum I've shot into your mother, I find it hard to believe that you were the fastest.
Of all the sperm cells, how the fuck did you make it out?
Oh forgive me, I would never ever cross you. After all, gas is really expensive and its just not worth it.
Oh good. I can say "I've seen worse" now that I've seen you.
Oh honey, you're not pretty enough to be that dumb.
Oh look, 1 of the 4 fucktards of the apocalypse.
Oh, by the way, your wife says we need eggs and milk. Pick some up on the way home, will you?
Oh, today is 9/11? Well in that case, let us have a moment of silence for the day that humanity suffered a great misfortune, the fact that you weren't in the towers when they fell.
Old guy yelled at me today.
On a scale of 1 to 10, how old are you?
Once upon a time, Santa Clause was asked what he thought of your mom, your sister and your grandma, and thus his catchphrase was born.
One day when you die nobody will care enough to look for the body.
One would die of old age if he were to jump from your ego to your IQ.
Only reason you're still living is because no one is willing to listen to you beg and cry while you die.
Out of a million sperm you were really the best your parents could produce?
Owls can rotate their heads 270 degrees, you should do the same.
People like you are the reason aliens don't visit us.
People like you are the reason that I became pro-choice.
People like you are why we spell hi-cup instead of hiccough.
People like you belong in a concentration camp.
People like you make me pro choice.
People say brains aren’t everything; in fact, for you brains are nothing.
People say it takes time to create a masterpiece. I don't think this is true. You stayed 9 months in the womb and still look like shit.
People tolerate you.
Pick a number from one to ten. That's your iq.
Pipsqueak.
Pissant.
Please culture yourself. With reading, or bacteria. I don't care. Either way you'll be a lot less boring than you are now.
Poopyhead.
Previous instances in which I professed to enjoy your company were fraudulent.
Probably the best material that's ever going to get posted on this sub.
Pussies are Pussies.
Pussy Repellent.
Quit shitting on my dick.
Rather than making you,.
Really dude? Do you really need to use that kind of language? Like, would you suck your mother's cock with that mouth?
Roblox Lego Cocksuckers.
Roses are red, Violets are blue,.
Sandwich Maker.
Satan fucked your mum in the ass.
Scenario.
Scumbag blackmails random person on discord.
Seven and a half million years of human evolution and your poor mother still somehow gave birth to a fucking baboon.
She has mournful tits.
She sucked so much dick.
She's fucked more men than prostate cancer.
She's like a bitch-shark, if she ever stops bitching, she'll drown.
Shooting anti-aircraft at civilians is better than you.
Short & Oblique: The Idiot Probably Won't Get It, Which Is Even Better.
Shut the fuck up you big stinking raging dog nonce.
Shut the fuck your mouth.
Shut up you little defective waste of oxygen.
Shut your cock washer before I slap the dick off your breath.
Shut your cockholster you shrimp dick fuck nugget.
Shut your entitled pie hole, you useless bag of flesh.
Simon Cowel in the X factor.
Since a whore would charge you about $40 extra for being ugly, Id like to offer you my services. I'll pretend to be you until the lights go out then we switch places. You give me $20 and you spend in total $20 less.
Slacker.
Smells like there was a lot of fecal residue on your toothbrush this morning.
Sniveller.
So how many people have you turned to stone today?
So, a thought crossed your mind? That must be a long and lonely road.
Some guy ruined me a Dota 2 game. This is the aftermath, tell me what you think.
Somebody just told me that I am proof that constant masturbation doesn't burn calories.
Someday when I die I'm going to come back as a ghost to kill your whole family, and cuz of separation of church and state this death threat is legal.
Someone called me a failure.
Someone honks their horn! What are you saying to your group to lighten the mood?
Someone might make love on you but they would never make love to you, like if there wasnt a bed both of them might lay on you while they do it.
Someone replied to my comment with this.
Someone should REALLY shove a live grenade up your ass, so that way we would all have a good laugh.
Someone should shove a dictionary up your ass, because reading it normally wouldn't be fast enough.
Someone should shove an American English dictionary up your ass so you can passively improve your vocabulary.
Something to say to someone who stops responding to your texts like 3 minutes in.
Stop being an expired bottle of ranch before I throw an open mayonnaise jar at your face.
Stop being holier than thou.
Stop fucking children, you weirdo.
Stop talking your appetite. Crap eater.
Stop trying to sound smart, you're hurting yourself.
Stupid idiot.
Suck a cheeta's dick -Wesley Wills.
Take that you virgin!
Take your stinkin’ paws off me, you damn dirty ape!
Talking to you is like being the last link in a human centipede.
Talking with you is the equivalent of biting a popsicle with your front teeth.
Teacher: "Kids,what does the chicken give you?".
Tell your mom to stop changing her lipstick every time cause she be turning my cock into a rainbow.
Tell your mom to stop changing lipstick.
Tell your mum my rates have gone up; two buckets of chicken for the whole weekend.
That is the ugliest shirt I have ever seen.
That was the ugliest thing I've ever seen.
The best part of you dribbled down the crack of your mommas ass and ended up as a brown stain on her mattress.
The best part of you ended up as a stain on your mom's curtains.
The better part of you slid down your mother's leg.
The closest you'll ever get to a vagina is your personality, because you're such a pussy.
The Creationists must be right. No way you could survive natural selection.
The difference between me and you is I make the monkeys shave before I fuck them.
The doctor circumcized you by kicking your sister in the jaw.
The gene pool in your family is smaller than a inflatable pool from the store.
The greatest upset in racing history was the one you placed first in.
The last time I saw something so disgusting, I flushed it. The only thing is you’re so ugly you scare the shit out of the toilet. And you know if I ever wanted to kill myself id climb your ego and jump to your iq.
The magnitude of your genius is so staggering that you make an alabama incest baby with a lobotomy look like Hawking.
The only "balls" you have are located in your eye sockets.
The only dick u have is none because u dont have dick u fuvking shit fuck fucking shit fuvk fuvk fuvk fuvk fuvk fuvk fuvk ye.
The only good thing for you is that if you ever get kidnaped police are soon gonnafind you do to that awful smell of yours.
The only people lying more than the media.
The only piece of ass you'll ever get is when your finger breaks through the toilet paper.
The only positive result that has happened in your life is you getting your HIV test.
The only positive thing in your life was your HIV test.
The only reason you are still alive.
The only reason you don't have sex with kids is cuz it's illegal.
The only reason you never disappoint anyone.
The only reason you're still alive is because the doctor performing the abortion had a heart attack when he saw your face.
The only thing shittier than your attitude is your love life.
The only thing worse than stepping on a lego is looking at your face.
The only thing you've ever banged is your head on the trash can outside the abortion clinic.
The only time you ever had a stroke of genius is when you gave Einstein a handjob.
The only way that you could get ass is if you could turn into a sofa.
The only way you'll ever get laid.
The only way you'll get into university is cleaning.
The political ideology of fascism relies on a core assumption.
The problem with what you do is that the one doing it is you, and if you changed it, it would still be worthless because you're the one doing the changing.
The queen bee has sex with 30-50 young males in an afternoon.
The reason why I like video games is because the creator put more time and effort than God did with you.
The Saturday night sodd-off.
The shape of your head makes me think you were born in a dozen of eggs.
The sperm bank doesn't give away free samples you dirty whore!
The titanic sank 103 years ago.
There is no cure for being a cunt.
They say that if you pay peanuts then you get monkeys. Well they must pay you in tampons because you're a cunt.
They say you are what you eat.
Thick skulled sack of jizz.
Today I'm a divorce lawyer so if your wife fucks me its not cheating its instant divorce.
Tony Danza wouldn’t fuck your shadow.
Too bad Halloween is the only appropriate time of year to ask. "So what are you supposed to be?".
Two boys at camp get into an argument over the outcome of a game.
Two guys from Michigan attacked by a terrorists die and wake up in hell.
Uncultured waste of space. You’d better be apologising to everything all day Everyday. God damn vegetables needed to die just to feed you when it was worth more alive and photosynthesising, replacing the carbon dioxide with oxygen from you. It’s a damn shame it can’t replace you.
Vapid pile of stink.
Vapid slut.
Wanna know what you and a wasp have in common? You are both complete assholes no one wants on this earth.
Was playing an FPS game and someone said this.
We call you sunshine, because it hurts to look at you.
We had definitive proof that vaccines don't cause autism, but then YOU came along.
We live in a modern democracy, and as such you are fully entitled to your opinion, just as I am entitled to spit on them.
Well if it isn't my favorite piece of excrement!
Well, aren't you just a little ray of pitch black.
Were you born in-between June 21st and July 22nd?
Were you born on a freeway?
Were you born stupid or did you get special training?
Were you conceived through anal sex? Because you’re a fucking asshole.
What do I love about you? The fact that I know you will die in the end.
What do priests do in their free time?
What do u called to stupid people who have no brain?
What do you call a blonde getting hit by a car?
What do you call a cow with no sense of humor?
What do you call a cow with two legs?
What do you call someone who forgot to do their homework? A dumb Cunt.
What do you say to a feminist with no arms and no legs?
What does this mean?
What I said when I had beef with someone.
What is the difference between you and Hitler?
What sex position makes the ugliest kids?
What sex position produces the ugliest child?
What sex position produces the ugliest children?
What the fuck do you want, Santorum-for-Brains?
What will shut them down.
What you need to do is you go down to the local pharmacy, ask for something called viagra, and it'll help you GO FUCK YOURSELF.
What's the difference between a joke and three dicks?
What's the difference between eggs and you?
What's the difference between yogurt and America?
What's the difference between you and a lollipop that tells the time?
What's the difference between you and hitler.
What's the stretching regime you use that lets you put your foot in your mouth and head up your ass at the same time?
What's with all this weak shit? Is the age limit in here 14?
Whats the difference between you and a prostitute?
Whats the difference between you and hitler?
Whats the diffrence between you and Hitler?
What’s the difference between a joke and 3 dicks? Your mother can’t take a joke.
What’s the difference between you and a piece of shit?
When I saw your face, I understood God had a sense of humour.
When was the last time you took a bath. And I don’t mean whit urin.
When you commit suicide, your parents will celebrate by having sex on your grave.
When you swordfight, it looks like regular sex.
When you were born, the doctors held you in their hands and said.
Where you born on the side of the highway, because that’s where the most accidents happen.
Who gave you permission to waist the air asshole?!
Whore.
Why couldn't you just have ended up as a cum stain on the bedsheets?
Why do you exist?
Why do you seek so much attention? Is it because your parents don't give you any?
Why don't you rip your ears off, shove them up your ass along with your opinions, and listen to the shit that comes out.
Why would I want to sit next to you? you reek of fish and used old men.
Wipe that jizz off your chin and come up with something better ya dumb bastard.
Wishing my teacher was never born.
With how much you stutter, you make a broken record sound amazing.
Woah, easy there booster seat.
Would you grow up cuz I don't want the next person who fucks you to be a pedophile.
Would you like to put your lips on my back side so we can talk asshole to asshole?
Written on my ex-Boss' birthday card.
Ya fucking soggy taco.
Ya wanna tell me a joke? The only joke here is you.
Yeah your definitely in my lane.
Yes, your ancestors are smiling upon you.
Yo mama is like a shotgun.
Yo mama so nasty she put a cucumber in her panties and it came out a pickle.
Yo mama so ugly.
Yo mama's like a black hole.
Yo Mama's so poor she runs towards the garbage truck with a grocery list.
Yo mamma is so ugly, her nickname is the sound diarrhea hitting pavement.
Yo momma so ugly.
You are a detriment to human sanity!
You are a rock tricked into thinking.
You are a stinky poopy pants.
You are a walking advertisement for condoms and birth-control.
You are a waste of the abundant carbon our dead god used to create you.
You are about as useful as a screen door in a submarine.
You are about as worthless as a magician at a school for the blind.
You are an extremely good example what happens when condoms fail.
You are as useful as a winRAR license.
You are like a vestigial organ, has no purpose in the current evolution and is fading away cuz of its uselessness.
You are more useless than Anne Frank's drum set.
You are not the best ot be, because​ eyou work in a dump, stupid bimp!
You are nothing but an elitist taint biscuit.
You are proof that anal sex can result in pregnancy.
You are proof that evolution can go backwards.
You are so dull that you can be used as a grey card to balance the whites of a picture.
You are so smart you have an extra chromosome.
You are so unlikable you couldn't convince a fly to eat your shit.
You are such a slut.
You are the cum your mom wanted to swallow but your dad didn't pull out in time.
You are the definition of waste. A waste of food, a waste of semen, a good waste of air, and a waste of time. Holy shit, I could be doing something productive now instead of talking to you.
You are the human equivalent of stubbing your toe.
You are the kind of person that needs to look up instructions on boiling water.
You are the proof that even god makes mistakes.
You are the proof that the abortion doesn’t work out every time.
You are the reason a genepool needs a life guard.
You are the reason the Shy Guy cries.
You are the reason why earplugs were invented.
You are the ringmaster at the cock circus.
You are to a hooker what a prostitute is to a man, except free.
You are too ugly, even ugly dont know who thr fuck are you.
You are unique but not beautiful. You're one of the regular rocks on the beach everyone ignores.
You are what happens when we glue abortions together until they resemble and actual baby, you fucking troglodyte.
You aren't a clown, but the entire circus.
You be lookin like an unsalted-saltine.
You blood belching vagina.
You box full of pencil-thin dildos.
You brain damaged cum rag.
You built like a ghetto cactus.
You built like a toaster strudel.
You can never witness a true smile on someone's face because it's only after you leave.
You can probably suck the cream out of a twinkie without taking one bite.
You can't find love for yourself? Ever tried looking in the mirror and think about why?
You cant tell if you shit your pants cuz you're a piece of shit yourself.
You cock guzzling slut muffin.
You condom mascot.
You could be replaced by a button that nobody pushes.
You could get rich by creating the college of inbreeding except you couldnt find anyone outside your family to attend.
You could suck the joy out of a mans life through his dick.
You couldn't be more inbred even if you were in a fucking sandwich.
You couldn't get into a play called omelet even if you owned all the eggs.
You couldn't pour water out of a boot if the instructions were on the heel.
You couldnt pour water out of a boot if the instructions were on the heel.
You cumgargling fuckwad of a human being.
You cut that mouth, or I cut your lifeline.
You Darwinian anomaly.
You Dehrydated Cabbage.
You dense fucking cabbage.
You deserve to have hot water come out of every water fountain you use.
You dirty fucking poptart.
You don't give two shits about me? You must be constipated, admitting you're full of shit.
You don't have to be a doctor to diagnose you with that brain defect.
You don't have to try to impress me, I'm already disappointed in you, and I bet your parents are too.
You donut.
You don’t need to leave the suicide note because nobody gives a fuck about you.
You drive like Hellen Keller and park slower than Stephen Hawking.
You dumb fucking buffoon, you dumb piece of shit you dyslexic bitch, fuck you.
You dyslexic apricot of a goddamn human.
You expired condom.
You freaking dyslexic.
You fuck are stupid.
You fuck muppet!
You fucking troglodyte.
You go through morw kids' anatomy than Ms. Frizzle!
You got both halves of your smooth brain in a buy one get one free sale at the dollar tree.
You got dickless lips. If they deny it say youre right your lips been all over dick.
You got held back in special school.
You got shit in your eyes, or is it oozing from your sockets?
You Hapsburg looking Muppet cunt.
You have all the qualities of someone of whom everyone wants to punch.
You have been blissfully untouched by the ravages of intelligence.
You have dog shit where your soul should be.
You have less brain cells than there are stars in the solar system.
You have less brains than a decapitated body.
You have more chins than a Chinese phonebook.
You have so many gaps in your teeth.
You have that small braincells that they can't solve a 10 piece jigsaw of a bear.
You have the combined intelligence of a dead frog.
You have the IQ of a kid who tells "BOMB!" In an airport.
You have the mental stability of an Alzheimer's inpatient who's got PTSD from Vietnam.
You have the perfect face for radio, and the perfect voice for newspaper.
You have the personality of a disposable camera.
You have the personality of a frying pan.
You haven't had pussy since pussy had you.
You homeless sack of potatoes.
You inbred garbage fire.
You jerk jawed canadian cunt.
You just discovered you've been out of soap for a week.
You know, for somebody with opposable thumbs you really have trouble grasping stuff.
You left something by the door.
You like games? Go play hide and go fuck yourself.
You limp waffle.
You look less hideous today.
You look like a penis with ears.
You look like a Picasso had a one-night-stand with Donald Trump, then the kid fell outta the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down, then hit your head on a rock, causing all your brains to leak out.
You look like Freddy Krueger, if Freddy Krueger was also a Chernobyl firefighter.
You look like Shinji Ikari trying to cosplay Dr. Clef and failing miserably at it.
You look like someone who leaves comments on porn videos.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
You look like something that would be contained with high level security.
You look like ten pounds of shit in a five pound bag.
You look like the poster boy for birth control.
You look like the real life Milhouse.
You look like the type of guy who dips his fajitas in the sauce.
You look like the type of person who would water a cactus.
You look like what ladybread smells like.
You look like you drowned in the gene pool.
You look like you failed art school.
You look like you give tooth brushes to kids on Halloween.
You look like you have a full ride scholarship to the special Ed class.
You look like you have more spunky tissues under your bed than Harvey Weinstein’s dressing room.
You look like you have toothpaste marks on your mirror.
You look like you make a living giving 2$ blowjobs in the alley behind a 7-11.
You look like you should star in a documentary for the prevention of incest.
You look like you turn your oven on before leaving the house.
You look like you were born in a barn, and not out of a human either.
You look like your fucking dad just jacked off into a trashcan and 9 months later you crawled out.
You look perfect.
You make atheists pray to God that you kill yourself.
You make Logan paul seem intelligent.
You make me embarrassed to have thumbs.
You microwaved hamster.
You monkey nut sucking numpty fuck. Cunt.
You mosquito sympathizer.
You must be an electron.
You must be from Alabama since you weren’t aborted.
You must come from a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
You Must Have Been A Pretty Strong Baby To Climb Out Of That Abortion Bucket.
You must have been born between June 22nd and July 22nd because you're fucking cancer.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
You must have been born on a highway.
You need to pack your eyebags and leave!
You only have two brain cells and they spend the day kicking each other.
You phuccin waste of your dads sperm.
You play baseball like an orphan, you can’t even find home.
You possess all the characteristics of a Neanderthal, except for the two that matter.
You probably eat popcorn with a spoon.
You probably eat snickers with a fork, dumbass.
You probably lick stop signs.
You probably only got adopted because of the CPS money.
You really like to crank up your mouth.
You reek of toe jam, imbecile.
You remind me of the little film of residue that cheap tape leaves behind after removing a "missing dog" poster because the carcass was found.
You remind me of the shitstain at the end of my dick after I pulled it out of your mother's ass.
You seem like the type of guy that would cancel a doctor's appointment because you're sick.
You seem like they type of person to try and start a fire with a spork.
You should be an archeologist because your life is in ruins.
You should carry a plant wherever you go to replace the oxygen you waste.
You should go and stick some spear in your asshole.
You should keep lying to yourself cuz otherwise you might become suicidal.
You shouldn't try to tell jokes.
You shouldn't use words you can't spell.
You smell like the inside of a Chuck E. Cheese slide.
You smell so bad, even the shit flies avoid you.
You smell worse than an elevator full of Jamaicans slap boxing!
You soggy toaster strudel.
You son of Queen Cersei.
You sorry ass sack of potatoes.
You sound like a constipated trombone with diarrhea.
You sound like my jizzrag!
You suck dick for the flavor.
You truly are an apocalyptic dingleberry.
You unfrosted mini wheat.
You walking, talking sperm bank.
You waste a space on this earth.
You waste of good semen.
You were a stain on the handrail until your mum slid down it.
You were birthed out of your mum's asshole because her cunt was too busy.
You were born on a highway.
You were dropped on ur head as a baby. Your mom must've been aiming for the trashcan.
You were more of a bundle of despair rather than a bundle of joy.
You were the kid that didn’t eat the glue in art class, you were the kid who put the pencil shavings in your applesauce.
You whale sized disappointment on humanity.
You would make a good example to why parents should never drop their children.
You'll never be half the man your mother was.
You'll never be the man your mother is.
You're a Darwin award waiting to happen.
You're a deceiver, your soul's been sold for the love of strange medicine, you're lost!
You're a dick.
You're a dildo. I'd call you a dick, but you're not real enough.
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
You're a perfect example of how to NOT raise a child.
You're a pioneer of sexual experimenting with that tiny dick nasal sex.
You're a Piss Sipping, Triple-Nippled, Pussywhipped, Ass-Eating, Buttfuckaroni Shit Skittle, who bathes in smegma while jacking off to softcore midget porn all day.
You're a real hermaphrodite.
You're about as funny as a cry for help.
You're about as much use as a chocolate fire guard.
You're about as useful and loved as a white crayon.
You're about as useful as Anne Frank's drum kit.
You're about as useful as Johnny Knoxville's stunt double.
You're about as useful as The Hawaii Interstate.
You're about as welcome as a post-shower fart.
You're all dumbasses!
You're all hat, no cattle.
You're an infant child with a heart disease, begging to be shot.
You're as bright as a black hole, and twice as dense.
You're as dense as a brick, but not nearly as useful as one.
You're as fake as the posts on r/entitledparents.
You're as slow as Stephen Hawking in a rap battle.
You're as useful as a sundial in a black hole.
You're as useful as Cardi B is talented.
You're as useful as you are pretty.
You're as usefully as the 'ueue' in queue.
You're as useless as the "ueue" in queue.
You're basically like an intestin, you only make up shit.
You're dick is so small they discovered atomic energy when they circumcised you.
You're either an ugly human being or a good looking fish.
You're even more sensitive than my titties when I'm pmsing.
You're here cuz your parents get condoms from the dollar store.
You're just salty because I jizzed in your face.
You're kind of like a cereal box toy: useless and cheap, but for some reason everyone wants you.
You're less productive than a watchmaker with Parkinson's.
You're like 4chan.
You're like 5 Minute Crafts on YouTube.
You're like a bowling ball.
You're like a disease, anybody can have you, but nobody wants to.
You're like a Fortnite player, you deserve to die.
You're like a hard turd, painful to deal with and the happiest moment with you is watching you go down a drain.
You're like a hot dog that got all the meat scooped out.
You're like Doctor Strange but you're not a doctor. You're just strange.
You're like Stephen Hawking minus the intelligence.
You're like the food at a party.
You're like the old, 'arrow to the knee meme'.
You're moms penis is bigger than yours.
You're more disappointing than No Man's Sky.
You're more disappointing than your mother's handjobs. Now apologize to that plant for stealing the oxygen it worked so hard to produce.
You're more worthless then a single packet of ketchup up that's been in your cupboard since 1996.
You're not an idiot sandwich, you're the entire fucking shop. In fact, there should be a sandwich chain named Sub-Idiot because of you.
You're not just a bastard. You're a son of a snitch cuz your mom turned your dad in for making you a bastard.
You're probably the type of idiot that opens the mailbox with a can opener.
You're right but even a broken clock is right twice a day.
You're so blind that you couldn't see your reflection if it was staring you in the face.
You're so dense I can see an event horizon around you!
You're so dense you'd sink in a pool of mercury.
You're so dense, the sun is orbiting you.
You're so dumb you ask a catfish to send you nudes.
You're so dumb, when your house was on fire you went to your microwave and dialed 999.
You're so fast in bed you don't need a condom cuz of the 5 second rule.
You're so fucking dense I bet you sink in water.
You're so horrible, even the suicide hotline would tell you to go kill yourself.
You're so inbred, your family tree might as well be a straight line.
You're so nasty.
You're so out of touch that not even a pity fuck from sanity itself could restore your grip on reality.
You're so poor if a guy broke in to rob your house he wouldn't want any of it.
You're so poor you hope to someday be a thousandaire.
You're so poor you sold future ad space on your grave stone to your enemies.
You're so poor you'd call a dumpster fire a heated home.
You're so salty you would sink in the Dead Sea.
You're so stupid, you'd starve to death by trying to escape from a corn maze.
You're so toxic you were banned by the Geneva convention.
You're so ugly even your hand wont fuck you.
You're so ugly I can atone all of humanity's sins by just looking at you.
You're so ugly that I couldn't even bother making an original joke.
You're so ugly you could be a modern art masterpiece.
You're so ugly your parents had to tie a pork chop around your neck to make the dog play with you.
You're so ugly, even zombies refused to come near you.
You're so ugly, it looks like your mom tried to abort you 40 ounces at a time.
You're so ugly.
You're so underdeveloped.
You're so useless you make tits on a bull look like the fountain of youth!
You're such a gentleman you wouldn't even fuck a naked coma patient.
You're such a loser that even prostitutes refuse to fuck you.
You're such a loser that you didn't even win first place at the loser awards.
You're such a loser you got friendzoned by your sex doll.
You're such a nincompoop you could probably manage to fail a blood test.
You're such a piece of shit, if you sat in sand cats would try to bury you.
You're such a pussy you became a pear farmer when someone told you to grow a pair.
You're such a thick piece of shit, all of the oceans couldn't make a dent in you.
You're such an Asshole that your Asshole is less of an Asshole.
You're such an obnoxious asshole your own shadow won't keep you company.
You're the Chinese toy of people: just a shitty knockoff.
You're the kind of person who walks past a pizza shop and sees your D&D group hanging out without you.
You're the living equivalent of a participation award.
You're the load your mom should of swalloed.
You're the only person I've heard of that needs to show ID to leave the zoo.
You're the slowest sperm that got into the fetus through its already grown mouth.
You're the type of person to wank in front of a mirror.
You're the type to suck dick for bus fare and then walk home.
You're ugly enough to succesfully get away with faking down syndrome.
You're what happens when parents use piss to make a baby!
You're worse than a bowl of soggy cereal.
You're worse than windows 8.
You've been downgraded to a Delta.
You've got more dick in your personality than in your pants.
You've seen more cock ends than weekends.
You've sucked off so many guys you're starting to look like one.
You've swallowed more seamen than a shark at a shipwreck.
You, you are a smelly, falmer-looking, ass walnut.
Your a six piece chicken Mc nothing.
Your ability to say shit doesn't provide you the right amount of chromosomes.
Your about as loved as a Suicide victim.
Your about as useful as a white colored pencil.
Your as helpful as a white crayon.
Your as helpful as piss in a cup.
Your as predictable as yesterdays weather.
Your ass gives memory foam amnesia.
Your ass has seen more cock than it has seen toilet paper.
Your ass must be jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth.
Your asshole must be jealous from the amount of shit coming out of your mouth.
Your attempts to belittle me are laughable. You are a cockroach, so far beneath me that your sharpest wit is nothing more than a nick at my ankles.
Your balls are so blue when god made the sky he used them as reference.
Your beard is weird.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the abortion clinic.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Your birth certificate was just an apology letter from a condom company.
Your birth certificate.
Your body count is higher than your iq.
Your brain is the size of the peas you refuse to eat, and it shows.
Your brain must feel good as new, seeing as you never use it.
Your brain should apply for unemployment benefits.
Your breath smells like a homeless pool party.
Your breath smells like an old mans fart passing through a thrift store couch cushion.
Your Breath Smells Like Asparagus Piss.
Your butt crack is so sweaty theres a river named after it.
Your BUTT is an ASS.
Your chin is so pointy if you put graphite on it, it would be classified as a pencil.
Your credibility.
Your cunt looks like a kicked in watermelon.
Your dad left you.
Your daughter gives lousy blowjobs. I want my ten bucks back.
Your dick belongs in your pants, not your personality.
Your dick is smaller than my will to live, and I want to die.
Your dick is so small that you wait to have a boner before you could pick it up.
Your dick is so small, you have to masturbate with a tweezer.
Your dick so small you have to jack off your balls instead.
Your dick.
Your ego wont fit through a door but your vocabulary could fit in one tweet!.
Your existence provides a strong case for Eugenics.
Your exsistance is a sacrifice to the human race.
Your eyes are so beautiful and blue, like the water in my toilet.
Your face could scare the shit out of the toilet.
Your face has more pimples than a third world country has problems.
Your face looks like it caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with an ice pick.
Your face looks like someone lit it on fire then tried to put it out with a pitch fork.
Your family is so poor.
Your family tree grows straight up.
Your family tree is a cactus.
Your family tree is a circle.
Your family tree is like a cactus.
Your family tree is so inbred, I could play hopscotch on it.
Your family tree looks like a cactus because everyone on it's a prick.
Your family tree looks like a fucking graph.
Your family tree looks like a Shoots And Ladders board.
Your family tree must be a cactus because you’re all a bunch of pricks.
Your family tree must be a cactus, because you're a prick.
Your family tree must be cactus, Because everyone is a prick.
Your garden is overgrown and your cucumbers are soft.
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
Your gene pool could use some chlorine you ass sniffing, dog ball licking, marmite flavour, warm water, horizontal texters, cold McDonald fries, piece of blackberry phone.
Your genetic code is full of bad writing.
Your genitals look like someone spat a wad of gum into a pile of barber hair.
Your grades say "marry rich" but your looks say "study harder!"
Your grave should be in a septic tank you piece of shit.
Your greatest achievement was dodging a wire coat hanger.
Your hair has more oil than the middle east.
Your hair/face/skin is so oily that it's a fucking miracle America hasn't invaded you yet.
Your Hairline is a straight as James Charles, and Which one of your eyebrows pays child support?
Your highly grammatical conjectures are far too copious for my diminishing comprehension. If you continue to do so, I shall be forced to horizontalize your irregularity.
Your house is so dirty you have to let spiders stay cuz they get rid of the flies.
Your humor is as dry as your crotch.
Your hygiene is as clean as a Walmart restroom.
Your hygiene is so bad, it makes Chris Chan look like Mr. Clean.
Your inner child needs to grow an outer man.
Your IQ is equal to your shoe size.
Your iq is lower then my self esteem.
Your IQ is roughly around room temperature.
Your IQ is somewhere south of broccoli.
Your laugh sounds like a prepubescent hyena choking on a cactus.
Your mom is so slow it took her 9 months to make a joke.
Your mom is so stupid, she sucks dick for condoms cuz she's broke.
Your mom looks like Hagrid and your dad looks like Gollum that’s why YOU look like Kuato from Total Recall and there’s nothing you can do about it.
Your mom secretly wishes it was a blowjob and she swallowed.
Your Mom sucks dick for bricks.
Your mom was such a slut.
Your mom: 'doctor, aren't you going to cut the umbilical chord?' Doctor: 'Well, I thought I could leave it on so you can use it for when you take this thing out for a walk.'.
Your moms ass.
Your more of a fuck up than a flesh light on the roof.
Your mother advertises teeth for cigarette packets.
Your mother fucks for bricks so she could build a whorehouse for your sister.
Your mother has a polyamorous lifestyle.
Your mother is so obese that when she is laying on the beach, Greenpeace is trying to push her back into the sea.
Your mother's abortionist must be proud.
Your mother's house is so dirty, you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
Your mum's a doorknob, everyone's had a turn.
Your mum's ass is like the subway: it's a big, dark tunnel that's had many trains run through it.
Your mum's bed sheets get more actions than you do.
Your parents make bad jokes but you were probably the wrst one.
Your parents must be twins.
Your parents should have sacrificed you on the altar instead of having you baptized.
Your penis could fit inside of a lifesavers.
Your Penis is so fucking small, you need tweezers to jack off.
Your penis would run away from an atom claiming it saw a monster.
Your personality is as hollow and shallow as the gaping abyss that you call a rectal cavity.
Your personality is so shallow a particularly well-endowed mouse could stand in it and not get it’s dick wet. Which an amazing coincidence, because you’ll never get your dick wet either.
Your point is as ill-conceived as you.
Your pussy is so nasty I cant even call it that. Youve got 2 assholes.
Your Reddit account is older than you are.
Your repulsive than a GG Allin show co Starring Marilyn Manson.
Your rotten mouth has incountered more dick than is has food.
Your shirt has more exes than Taylor Swift.
Your shirt says cocaine and caviar but your face says fishsticks and fentanyl.
Your sister gives the world's best blowjobs, as attested by hundreds of satisfied customers. You should be proud.
Your skull has the density of a neutron star.
Your skull is so thick even fucking ultraviolet rays can't penetrate it.
Your so ugly that i've seen your paintings hang themselves.
Your sperm contain female dna like in the female sperm wikipedia page. Thats about you.
Your stupidity stains your existence as if some reduction of defiled foreskin sprouted an apostate fungus and died there.
Your such a loser you’d place last in a loser competition.
Your taste in clothes is so bad that people wearing Crocs laugh at you.
Your teeth are like stars.
Your the type of person who would Rickroll someone.
Your thought process is about as complex as life pre Cambrian Explosion.
Your tits are so saggy you have to tuck them in your waist band.
Your toes look like they need braces.
Your voice is so bad even deaf people cringe when you open your mouth.
Your voice.
Your whole existence is a repost because people are tired of seeing it.
Youre like water: you don't have taste and everyone wants you to be still!
Youre so bad at sex you fucked mary but she was still a virgin.
Youre so pathetic I get a charity tax break just for hanging out with you.
Youre so ugly the only sperm you can get is a dishonorable discharge.
You’d make a great comedian. You‘d make everyone laugh and cheer.
You’re a chromosome garage sale.
You’re a walking, breathing middle-finger to Darwinism.
You’re about as useful to this world as is a drum set to Anne Frank.
You’re about as useless as a screen door on a submarine.
You’re as broke as Reddit this morning.
You’re as financially stable as a one studded LEGO piece.
You’re gonna die from falling off your ego.
You’re half the man your mom is.
You’re like a fucking bandaid. Plain, basic, and perfectly replaceable.
You’re like a hollow chocolate bunny. Sure you look alright from the outside, but you’re a disappointment with nothing interesting about you and a shallow personality on the hollow inside.
You’re like a kale salad.
You’re like a poorly-translated dictionary: U s e l e s s.
You’re like an endgame spoiler because nobody wants to know you.
You’re like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair, you let everyone down in your life.
You’re like the top slice of bread, everyone touches you but nobody wants you.
You’re more useless than a community pool’s bathroom.
You’re so basic you cause chemical burns.
You’re so disgusting that even joe biden wouldn’t go in for a sniff.
You’re so dumb, you think a lawsuit is something you wear to court.
You’re so gross that if you had a baby it wouldn’t even be edible.
You’re so pathetic I get charity tax break just for hanging out with you.
You’re so stupid, you got vaccinated for AIDS.
You’re so ugly Danny devito is he hottest man on earth in comparison.
You’re so ugly, the only time someone called you “hot” was your doctor when you had a fever.
You’re so unattractive that gravity doesn’t even want you but it doesn’t have a choice.
You’re something I would draw holding the pencil with my whole hand.
You’re such a failure that Bob Ross wouldn’t even call you a “happy little accident”.
You’re the dead rat floating on top of the gene pool.
You’re the human equivalent of a participation award.
You’re the kind of kid who would eat a pair of shark organs after watching Jaws to get vengeance.
You’re the kind of kid who yells “GRENADE!” in nursing homes.
You’re the kind of person that drives people away from Alcoholics Anonymous.
You’re the physical embodiment of hotdog water.
You’re the type of guy to lick doorknobs.
You’re the type of person to Google “Funny Memes”.
You’re the type of persona to use water when making hot chocolate.
You’re underwhelming. Nothing about you or your life is interesting enough to keep me entertained. Move along.
You’re words are just meaningless diarrhea.
You’ve got a skull thicker than a sequoia tree.
Vitamin d deficient circus clown.
The best part of you dripped down your mother's leg.
I would call you a cunt, but you lack the warmth and the depth.
You should be dumpster diving for ham scraps, you six piece Chicken McNobody.
You're so stupid you could fall into a barrel of tits and come out sucking your own thumb.
I hope you will have sweaty socks.
You're like the end piece of bread in a loaf, everyone touches you but no one wants you.
I’d like to see things from your point of view, but I can’t get my head that far up my ass.
If you were a spice, you'd be flour.
You're as useful as Anne Frank's drumset.
You have no interests or hobbies and are void of any real personality.
You're like the colour beige, if beige was an absolute cunt.
You're the reason why tubes of toothpaste have instructions on them.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
I’m jealous of people that don’t know you!
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
Why don't you go play in traffic.
Please shut your mouth when you’re talking to me.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
I can lose weight, but you’ll always be ugly.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
A demitasse would fit his head like a sombrero.
A guy with your IQ should have a low voice too!
A half-wit gave you a piece of his mind, and you held on to it.
A sharp tongue is no indication of a keen mind.
After meeting you, I've decided I am in favor of abortion in cases of incest.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; it's hard to believe that many people are to blame for producing you.
All that you are you owe to your parents. Why don't you send them a penny and square the account?
Alone: In bad company.
And there he was: reigning supreme at number two.
Any friend of yours is a friend of yours.
Any similarity between you and a human is purely coincidental!
Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice.
Are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?
Are you brain-dead?
Are your parents siblings?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
As useless as rubber lips on a woodpecker. ~ Earl Pitts ~
As welcome as a rattlesnake at a square dance. ~ Robert Reinhold ~
At least you are not obnoxious like so many other people - you are obnoxious in a different and worse way!
Before you came along we were hungry. Now we are fed up.
Believe me, I don't want to make a monkey out of you. Why should I take all the credit?
Better at sex than anyone, now all he needs is a partner.
Brains aren't everything. In fact, in your case they're nothing!
Calling you stupid would be an insult to stupid people.
Can I borrow your face for a few days while my ass is on vacation?
Careful now, don't let your brains go to your head!
Converse with any plankton lately?
Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
Did the mental hospital test too many drugs on you today?
Did you eat paint chips when you were a kid?
Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?
Did your parents have any children that lived?
Do you ever wonder what life would be like if you'd had enough oxygen at birth?
Do you have to leave so soon? I was about to poison the tea.
Do you want do die stupid?
Do you want me to accept you as you are or do you want me to like you?
Doesn't know the meaning of the word fear, but then again he doesn't know the meaning of most words.
Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent!
Don't get insulted, but is your job devoted to spreading ignorance?
Don't let your mind wander... it's too little to be let out alone.
Don't mind him. He has a soft heart and a head to match.
Don't thank me for insulting you. It was my pleasure.
Don't think, it may sprain your brain!
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling... in your skull?
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already without your working so hard to give us another?
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
Everyone is gifted. Some open the package sooner.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
For two cents I'd give you a piece of my mind - and all of yours.
Forgot to pay his brain bill.
Go ahead, tell them everything you know. It'll only take 10 seconds.
Go fart peas at the moon!
Grasp your ears firmly and remove your head from your ass.
Has reached rock bottom and shows signs of starting to dig.
Has the IQ of lint.
Have you considered suing your brains for nonsupport?
He can open his mail with that nose!
He can think without moving his lips!
He comes from a long line of real estate people - they're a vacant lot.
He does the work of three men: Moe, Larry, and Curly.
He doesn't know whether to scratch his watch or wind his butt.
He has a mechanical mind. Too bad he forgot to wind it up this morning.
He has a mind like a steel trap - always closed!
He has depth, but only on the surface. Down deep inside, he is shallow.
He has more faces than Mount Rushmore.
He has one brain cell, and it is fighting for dominance.
He is always lost in thought - it's unfamiliar territory.
He is dark and handsome. When it's dark, he's handsome.
He is depriving a village somewhere of an idiot.
He is living proof that man can live without a brain!
He is so conceited his eyes behold each other perfectly.
He is so short his hair smell like feet
He is so short, when it rains he is always the last one to know.
He is so old that his blood type was discontinued. ~ Bill Dana ~
He is the kind of a man that you would use as a blueprint to build an idiot.
He named the street he owned after his wife. What a grand statement of his love for her; for she was cold, hard, cracked, and only gets plowed around the holidays.
He smells the coffee, but can't find the pot / a cup.
He would be out of his depth in a parking lot puddle.
Heard your family went to a restaurant where they serve crabs just so they could bring you along.
He'd steal the straw from his mother's kennel.
Hello - tall, dark and obnoxious!
Here's 20 cents. Call all your friends and bring back some change!
He's got that far away look. The farther he gets, the better he looks.
He's just visiting this planet.
He's so dense that light bends around him.
He's so short he can sit on a piece of toilet paper and dangle his feet.
He's the first in his family born without a tail.
He's the only man who, if told to screw himself, could do it.
He's the reason brothers and sisters shouldn't marry.
Hey, act your age - senile!
Hey, I heard you went to the butcher and asked for 10 cents worth of dog meat and he asked you if you wanted it wrapped or if you would eat it on the spot.
Hey, I remember you when you had only one stomach.
Hi! I'm a human being! What are you?
His brain waves fall a little short of the beach.
His men would follow him anywhere, but only out of morbid curiosity.
His origins are so low, you'd have to limbo under his family tree.
His personality's split so many ways he goes alone for group therapy.
His suitcase doesn't have a handle.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
How many years did it take you to learn how to breathe?
I always wanted to be a troubleshooter but now I see you are not worth it!
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you've never used it.
I bet your mother has a loud bark!
I can tell you are lying. Your lips are moving.
I can't seem to remember you name, and please don't help me!
I can't talk to you right now; tell me, where will you be in ten years?
I certainly hope you are sterile.
I could make a monkey out of you, but why should I take all the credit?
I don't consider you a vulture. I consider you something a vulture would eat.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works!
I don't know who you are, but whatever it is, I'm sure everyone will agree with me.
I don't mind that you are talking so long as you don't mind that I'm not listening.
I don't think you are a fool. But then what's MY opinion against thousands of others?
I don't want you to turn the other cheek. It's just as ugly.
I feel sorry for you because you are so homely but I feel even sorrier for other people because they have to look at you.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
I hear what you're saying but I just don't care.
I hear you are an officer. Your rank is - just plain rank!
I hear you are being accepted into an exclusive club cause they need someone to snub.
I hear you are connected to the Police Department - by a pair of handcuffs.
I hear you are very kind to animals so please give that face back to the gorilla.
I hear you changed your mind! What did you do with the diaper?
I hear you were born on a farm. Any more in the litter?
I hear you were born on April 2; a day too late!
I heard that your brother was an only child.
I heard you got a brain transplant and the brain rejected you!
I heard you went to have your head examined but the doctors found nothing there.
I know you are nobody's fool but maybe someone will adopt you.
I know you're a self-made man. It's nice of you to take the blame!
I know you're not as stupid as you look. Nobody could be!
I like you. People say I've no taste, but I like you.
I like your approach, now let's see your departure.
I reprimanded my son for mimicking you. I told him not to act like a fool.
I thought of you all day today. I was at the zoo.
I understand you, but thousands wouldn't!
I used to think that you were a big pain in the neck. Now I have a much lower opinion of you.
I want nothing out of you but breathing, and very little of that!
I will defend to your death my right to my opinion.
I wonder how many angels could dance on his head?
I worship the ground that awaits you.
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.
I would have liked to insult you, but with your intelligence you wouldn't get offended.
I would like the pleasure of your company but it only gives me displeasure.
I wouldn't piss in his ear if his brain was on fire!
I'd hate to see you go, but I'd love to watch you leave!
I'd like to give you a going-away present but you have to do your part.
I'd like to have the spitting concession his grave.
I'd like to help you out. Which way did you come in?
I'd like to leave you with one thought but I'm not sure you have a place to put it!
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I'd rather pass a kidney stone than another night with you.
I'd slap you senseless but I can't spare three seconds!
If brains were rain, you`d be a desert.
If I ever need a brain transplant, I'd choose yours because I'd want a brain that had never been used.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents!
If I promise to miss you, will you go away?
If I said anything to you that I should be sorry for, I'm glad.
If I want any shit outta you I'll squeeze your head.
If I wanted to hear from an ass, I'd fart.
If I were as ugly as you are, I wouldn't say hello, I'd say boo!
If idiots could fly, this would be an airport.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic.
If manure were music, you'd be a brass band.
If sex were fast food, you'd have an arch over your head.
If she was cast as Lady Godiva the horse would steal the show.
If truth is stranger than fiction, you must be truth!
If we were to kill everybody who hates you, it wouldn't be murder; it would be genocide!
If what you don't know can't hurt you, she's practically invulnerable.
If you act like an ass, don't get insulted if people ride you.
If you don't like my opinion of you - improve yourself!
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
If you give him a penny for his thoughts, you get change back.
If you had another brain like the one you've got, you'd still be a half-wit.
If you stand close enough to him, you can hear the ocean.
If you were a body of water, you'd be a kiddie pool.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
If your brain were chocolate, it wouldn't fill an M&M.
Ignorance can be cured. Stupid is forever.
I'll never forget the first time we met - although I'll keep trying.
I'm blonde, what's your excuse?
I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
I'm going to memorize your name and throw my head away.
I'm not as dumb as you look.
In the land of the witless, the half-wit is king.
Instead of being born again, why don't you just grow up?
Is that your nose or are you eating a banana?
It is mind over matter. I don't mind, because you don't matter.
It is such a shame to ruin such beautiful blonde hair by dying your roots black.
You're so ugly, you had tinted windows on your incubator.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
Yours is a prima facie case of ugliness. And your body is ugly too.
It's hard to get the big picture when you have such a small screen.
I've come across decomposed bodies that are less offensive than you are.
I've hated your looks from the start they gave me.
I've only got one nerve left, and you're getting on it.
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
Judging by the old saying, "What you don't know can't hurt you," he's practically invulnerable.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
Keep talking. I always yawn when I'm interested.
Learn from your parents' mistakes - use birth control!
Let's play horse. I'll be the front end and you be yourself.
Let's play house. You be the door and I'll slam you.
Look, don't go to a mind reader; go to a palmist; I know you've got a palm.
Make a mental note, oh, I see you're out of paper!
Make somebody happy. Mind your own business.
Man alive! But I wish you weren't.
Moonlight becomes you - total darkness even more!
Never enter a battle of wits unarmed.
Nice to see you on your feet. Who sent the derrick?
No one will ever know that you've had a lobotomy, if you wear a wig to hide to the scars and learn to control the slobbering.
Nobody says that you are dumb. They just say you were sixteen years old before you learned how to wave good-bye.
Now go away or I shall taunt you a second time.
Of all the people I've met you're certainly one of them.
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
People can't say that you have absolutely nothing! After all, you have inferiority!
People clap when they see you - their hands over their eyes or ears.
People say that you are outspoken but not by anyone that I know of.
People say that you are the perfect idiot. I say that you are not perfect but you are doing all right.
Perhaps your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Please breathe the other way. You're bleaching my hair.
She could eat a watermelon through a picket fence!
She had a mouth dirtier than a wicker toilet seat.
She has a nice butter face. Everything looks nice, but her face.
She thinks the rearview mirror is for putting on make-up.
She was another one of his near Mrs.
She's a lot like train tracks - she's been laid across the country.
She's got a body that won't quit and a brain that won't start.
She's got more chins than the Hong Kong telephone book.
She's like Taco Bell. When people see her, they run for the border.
She's so ugly they used to put a pot roast in her lap so the dog would play with her.
She's so ugly, she'd make a freight train take a dirt road!
Sit down and give your mind a rest.
Slit your wrists - it will lower your blood pressure.
So stupid, he moves his lips when watching TV.
So ugly, robbers give him their masks to wear.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
Some day you will find yourself - and wish you hadn't.
Some drink from the fountain of knowledge, but he just gargled.
Some folks are so dumb, they have to be watered twice a week.
Some people are has-beens. You are a never-was.
Some people don't hesitate to speak their minds because they have nothing to lose.
Somebody else is doing the driving for that boy!
Someday you'll go far, if you catch the right train.
Someone said you are not fit to sleep with pigs. I stuck up for the pigs.
Someone said you are not fit to sleep with pigs. I stuck up for you and said, 'oh yes she is.
Someone took a photo of you once but it didn't turn out. You could be seen too clearly.
Take a vacation; go to Club Dead.
Take off that mask! Don't you think it's a little early for Halloween?
Talk is cheap, but so are you.
That's a very meaty question and I'd like to give it a very meaty answer -baloney!
The closest she/he'll ever get to a brainstorm is a slight drizzle.
The cream rises to the top. So does the scum.
The going got weird and he turned pro.
The inbreeding is certainly obvious in your family.
The next time you shave, could you stand a little closer to the razor?
The only thing he brought to this job was his car.
The thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much as I loathe you.
The twinkle in his eyes is actually the sun shining between his ears.
The wheel is still spinning but the hamster died.
There are only two things I dislike about her - her face.
There are several people in this world that I find obnoxious and you are all of them.
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
They just invented a new coffin just for you that goes over the head. It's for people who are dead from the neck up.
They said you were a great asset. I told them they were off by two letters.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
They say space is a dangerous place especially if it's between your ears!
They say that travel broadens one. You must have been around the world.
They say that two heads are better than one. In your case, one would have been better than none.
They say truth is stranger than fiction. Look, your mother gave birth to you.
They shot him through the stupid forest, and he didn't miss a tree.
Thinking isn't your strong suit, is it?
This is no battle of wits between you and me. I never pick on an unarmed man.
Too bad stupidity isn't painful.
We all spring from apes but you didn't spring far enough.
We do not complain about your shortcomings but about your long stayings.
We heard that when you ran away from home your folks sent you a note saying, "Do not come home and all will be forgiven."
We know that you would give your life for us. Promises, promises!
We know that you would go to the end of the world for us. But would you stay there?
We know you could not live without us. We'll pay for the funeral.
We'll get along fine as soon as you realize I'm God.
Well, I'll see you in my dreams - if I eat too much.
What color is the sky in your world?
What he lacks in intelligence, he more than makes up for in stupidity.
Whatever anyone says to you goes in one ear and out the other because nothing is blocking traffic.
Whatever is eating you - must be suffering horribly.
What's the latest dope - besides you?
When God was throwing intelligence down to the Earth, you were holding an umbrella.
When I look into your eyes, I see the back of your head.
When you die, I'd like to go to your funeral but I'll probably have to go to work that day. I believe in business before pleasure.
When you die, you should have your brain donated to science. I hear they're trying to come up with the perfect vacuum.
When you feel terrific, notify your face.
When you fell out of the ugly tree, you hit every branch on the way down.
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I'll say your stupidity.
When you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
When you were born, God admitted that even He could make a mistake!
Whom am I calling "stupid"? I don't know. What's your name?
Why don't you go to the library and brush up on your ignorance?
With a mind like yours, who needs a body?
Worst-dressed sentient being in the known universe.
Would you like some cheese and crackers to go with that whine?
Would you like to replace my business partner who died this morning? I'll arrange it with the undertaker.
You always have your ear to the ground. So how's life in the gutter?
You are a man of the world - and you know what sad shape the world is in.
You are about as useful as a windshield wiper on a goat's ass.
You are as strong as an ox and almost as intelligent.
You are down to earth but not quite far down enough.
You are living proof that manure can grow legs and walk.
You are no longer beneath my contempt.
You are not as bad as people say - you are worse!
You are pretty as a picture and we'd love to hang you.
You are so boring that you can't even entertain a doubt.
You are so dishonest that I can't even be sure that what you tell me are lies!
You are so dumb you sit on the TV and watch the sofa.
You are so stupid you got hit by a parked car
You are such a smart-ass I bet you could sit on a carton of ice cream and tell what flavor it is.
You are the kind of person who, when one first meets you, one doesn't like you. But when one gets to know you better, one hates you.
You could throw her in the river and skim ugly for two days.
You grow on people - like a wart!
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
You have a good weapon against muggers - your face!
You have a lot of well-wishers. They would all like to throw you down one.
You have a speech impediment, your foot.
You have a striking face. Tell me, how many times were you struck there?
You have an inferiority complex - and it's fully justified.
You have no trouble making ends meet. Your foot is always in your mouth!
You liked your first chin so much, you added two more.
You make me believe in reincarnation. Nobody can be as stupid as you in one lifetime.
You must have a low opinion of people if you think they're your equals.
You must have gotten up on the wrong side of the cage this morning.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You remind me of the ocean - you make me sick.
You say that you are always bright and early. Well OK, we know you are early.
You should be the poster child for birth control.
You should do some soul-searching. Maybe you'll find one.
You should have been born in the Dark Ages; you look terrible in the light.
You should toss out more of your funny remarks; that's all they're good for.
You started at the bottom - and it's been downhill ever since.
You used to be arrogant and obnoxious. Now you are just the opposite. You are obnoxious and arrogant.
You were born because your mother didn't believe in abortion; now she believes in infanticide.
You were the answer to a prayer. Your parents prayed that the world would be made to suffer and here you came along.
You will never be able to live down to your reputation!
Your conversation is like the waves of the sea. It makes me sick!
Your dog is so stupid, he chases parked cars.
Your family tree is good but you are the sap.
Your mouth is getting too big for your muzzle.
Your teeth are like stars - they come out at night.
Your verbosity is exceeded only by your stupidity.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
You're acquitting yourself in a way that no jury ever would.
You're like one of those "idiot savants," except without the "savant" part.
You're nobody's fool. Let's see if we can get someone to adopt you.
You're not yourself today. I noticed the improvement immediately.
You're so dumb you thought Taco Bell was a phone company.
You're so low you could milk a pregnant snake!
You're so old you drove a chariot to school.
You're so slow it takes you an hour and a half to watch "Sixty Minutes."
You're so small, you pose for trophies.
You're so stupid you threw a rock at the ground and missed.
You're so stupid you trip over the cord of a cellular phone!
You're so ugly when you went to a haunted house they offered you a job.
You're so ugly you almost look like your mother.
You're so ugly you have to trick or treat over the phone.
You're so ugly you make blind kids cry.
You're so ugly your husband goes everywhere alone.
You're so ugly your husband takes you with him everywhere he goes so he doesn't have to kiss you bye.
You're so ugly, when you walk into taco bell, EVERYONE runs for the border!
You're very smart. You have brains you never used.
You've got your head so far up your ass you can chew your food twice.
You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
You cock-biting bastard.
You unsalted peanut.
Are you a professional moron? Or just a gifted amateur?
I bet your parents try to change the subject when their friends ask how you’re doing.
You are impossible to underestimate.
I never forget a face, but I'll make an exception just for you.
I expected nothing and I'm still disappointed.
You couldn't pour water out of a boot if the instructions were on the heel.
You're just a collection of personality flaws masquerading as a person.
Looks like your father jerked off into a flower pot and raised a blooming fucking idiot.
When you think people are insulting you, they're actually describing you.
I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
You look like the kind of person who would put ketchup on sushi.
You remind me of Rapunzel. Only where Rapunzel let down her hair, you let down everyone in your life.
YOU ARE WALT DISNEY'S WORST CREATION!
You're a load your Mother should have swallowed.
You vulgar little maggot.
You worthless bag of filth.
I wager you couldn't empty a boot of excrement were the instructions on the heel.
I would rather kiss a lawyer than be seen with you.
You snail-skulled little rabbit.
You are weary, stale, flat and unprofitable.
You have no rhythm.
You are a fiend and a coward, and you have bad breath.
Intelligent ideas bounce off your head as if it were coated with teflon.
Creative thoughts take alternate transportation in order to avoid even being in the same state as you.
If you had an original thought it would die of loneliness before the hour was out.
On an intelligence scale of 1 to 10 your rating is so far into negative numbers that one would need to travel into another quantum reality in order to even catch a distant glimpse of it.
If God ever decides to give the planet an enema you'd better run like the wind because anywhere you stand is a suitable place for The Insertion.
You're an unnecessary movie sequel.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would climb up your ego and jump down to your IQ level.
You smell... athleic...
You're dumber than snake mittens.
I hope you have bad sex.
You should eat some of your make up so you can be prettier on the inside.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!
You are about as useful as a knitted condom.
You are weak, your bloodline is weak, and history will forget you.
If you were the trophy at the end of my race, I would walk backwards.
You look like a jackass trying to eat a pomegranate.
May your wife give birth to a centipede so you have to work for shoes all your life.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
You are proof that God has a sense of humor.
Your parents hated you so much you bath toys were an iron and a toaster.
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
Being around you is like having a cancer of the soul.
You're as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Those penis enlargement pills you took must be working. You're a bigger dick now than you were last week.
I can't believe that out of 100,000,000 sperm, you were the one that made it.
I fart in your general direction.
I blow my nose in your general direction.
Being in your presence causes me to lose IQ by osmosis.
May your ears turn into arseholes and shit on your shoulders.
You couldn't organise a fuck in a brothel with a fistful of fifties.
You couldn't organise a fart in a chilli eating contest.
If I had a head like yours I'd call a mohel.
Go to hell and help your mother make bitch pie!
